-The first Moscow multicultural school 1650 opens for first-graders on September 1, the Day of Knowledge
-
School 1560, are you ready to lineup?
Yeeees!
Now we can see that you are ready. Dear friends, boys and girls, parents, colleagues, guests, let me congratulate you all on behalf of our school on the beginning of the new academic year.
-
From his very birth a human learns: learns to walk, to speak, begins to perceive the world, and so he learns all his life.
First, parents help him, than kindergarten and school offer their help.
-
We, school workers, really wish that our lessons will come in handy in your further life.
Lessons of love, good, fairness and mutual understanding.
-
We wish you success, patience and sun in your soul, let this year be the most successful.
On the Solyanka street in September fresh will open once again my dear...
-
School!
Well done! One more now: Here children of all the peoples in peace and harmony learn at the lesson that twice two makes...
Four!
-
Good for you! Bravo! Who's hiding there tremblingly beneath a bunch of flowers?
What will give us today the new generation? Who came here for the first time today?
-
Come on here, first-grader.
Ofelia Frakelyan (the principal)
-
I want to congratulate first of all today's heroes, the first-graders, I want us to cheer them.
I want to  congratulate them and I'm very thankful to our parents, who come here from all parts of Moscow and even from the Moscow region.
-
And our teachers, as every year, are going not to betray your trust. Applause!
I congratulate our kind, clever, wise and responsive teachers. They love you very much and they are waiting for you.
-
They promise to love you, respect you and, of course, teach you.
Let's open the very first page. Did everybody open it?
-
You came today for the first time to school, I believe, you'll manage everything, am I right, Nina?
You will study well, endeavor, and behave well. And what is important, kids, we will not only learn to read, count, write beautifully but also we will learn to be friends.
-
We are going to be a very friendly grade, no one is to offend anyone.
The sun is smiling, slightly blows the wind, everyone is seeing their first-graders off
-
We will try hard not to quarrel not to fight, always to behave well and be naughty only for a while.